Tenant/Application default URIs Dashboard settings (#7413)
auth0/docs: articles/dashboard/reference/settings-application.md

- **Allowed Callback URLs**: Set of URLs to which Auth0 is allowed to redirect users after they authenticate. You can specify multiple valid URLs by comma-separating them (typically, to handle different environments like QA or testing). For production environments, verify that the URLs do not point to localhost. You can use the star symbol as a wildcard for subdomains (`*.google.com`). Make sure to specify the protocol, `http://` or `https://`; otherwise, the callback may fail in some cases.

> - **Application Login URI**: In some scenarios Auth0 will need your application to start the OIDC login flow. This URI should point to a route in our application that does it, by redirecting to `/authorize`. It would usually look like 'https://myapp.org/login'. [Learn more](/universal-login/default-login-url).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Tenant Login URI**: In some scenarios Auth0 will need your tenant to start the OIDC login flow . This URI should point to a route in your application that starts the flow by redirecting to the `/authorize` endpoint. It would usually take the form of 'https://mytenant.org/login'. [Learn more about the tenant default login URI](/universal-login/default-login-url).
```

Author: It needs to be 'application' here. I applied the rest of the feedback.
